**Tensor virtual machine**
>Today we have a lot of different deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Cafee2, MXNet and PyTorch. Mapping this frameworks to different devices is complicated by the diversity of hardware characteristics,
including embedded CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs, and ASICs.

>TVM is a compiler that takes deep learning frameworks and generates low-level optimized code for a diverse set of hardware back-ends.
>>The goal of TVM stack is to provide a reusable toolchain to compile high-level neural network descriptions from deep learning framework frontends down to low-level machine code for multiple hardware backends.

>TVM was developed lie a research project at the Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering, University of Washington.

>TVM is a open-source product.

>TVM made a several contributions like a computational graph rewriter; tensor expression language and new features for GPU accelerators.

>The system first takes as input a model from an existing framework and transforms it into a computational graph representation. It then performs high-level dataflow rewriting to generate an optimized graph. The operator-level optimization module must generate efficient code for each fused operator in this graph. Operators are specified in a declarative tensor expression language; execution details are unspecified. TVM identifies a collection of possible code optimizations for a given hardware target’s operators.

**Optimizing computational graphs**
>* operator fusion: Combines multiple operators into single kernel without saving intermediate results. 
>* constant-folding: Pre computing graph parts that can be determined statically thereby saving execution costs. 
>* static memory planning pass: Pre allocates memory to hold each intermediate tensor. 
>* data layout transformations: Converts a computational graph into one that can use better internal layouts for execution on target hardware. 

>By extending the TVM stack with a customizable, and open source deep learning hardware accelerator design, we are exposing a transparent end-to-end deep learning stack from the high-level deep learning framework, down to the actual hardware design and implementation. 

>So here we have VTA(versatile tensor accelerator), which is a complete deep learning system with TVM.


**NNVM -> TOPI -> TVM -> VTA**

> 1. NNVM (Neural Network Virtual Machine) - Acts as graph optimizer
> 2. TOPI (functions are instructions) - Defines the tensor computation, schedules space for each NN operator (e.g. conv2d)
> 3. TVM - Uses TOPI isntructions and generates code for several backends, like LLVM, or CUDA etc.
> 4. VTA JIT runtime: Complies VTA instruction stream and microkernels.

> NNVM
>> `nnvm.compiler.build` returns three components: the execution graph(.json), the TVM module library(.so, .aocl) of compiled functions specifically for this graph on the target hardware, and the parameter(.param) blobs of the model.
>>We can also save the graph, lib and parameters into files and load them back in deploy environment.

> TVM also supports AOCL backend. This feature is still experimental. We cannot use AOCL to deploy an end to end neural networks for now.

> Need to rebuild the whole project again to change the target: cpu, gpu or OpenCL.

> Operator Fusion - 	The idea is to combine multiple operators together into a single kernel without saving the intermediate results back into global memory

> TVM plan to support different quantization scheme (Symmetric, Asymmetric, Channel-wise Scale) for different bits(i8->i32, i16->i32, i8->i24, i5->i16)

> TVM supports creating a new datatypes.

> In AI, we have multiple frameworks with different front-end interfaces and backend implementations
○ Difficult to switch between frameworks by application and algorithm developers
○ Different backends to maintain by framework developers for various accelerators
○ Multiple frameworks to support by chip vendors with duplicated efforts
 NNVM & TVM to address above challenges using OpenCL support.
 
 > NNVM provides different frontends to translate the pretrained models into NNVM symbol.<br/>
 > NNVM compiler called to do graph and operator optimizations. AND NNVM compiler calls TVM to generate TVM model.<br/>
 > TVM has basically two parts:
TOPI(TVM operator inventory):  define operators and schedules and help optimizations of different backends or accelerators. 

> Codegen supports lots of backend.

**Design concepts of TVM**
>  TVM PackedFunc: Type-erased function
>> useful interface to call generated functions <br/>

>  TVM runtime device API: for memory management
>> OpenCL can be used for the implementation of device API's using functions such as SetDevice, SetStream, AllocWorkspace/Freeworkspac.

**TVM Module**
> Runtime container of packed functions generated by TVM.<br/>
> ModuleNode - internal container of Module.








**Members**
>Alina Egorova <br/>
>Arathy Ajaya Kumar
